Added clarification of text for Language translations (#5399)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: 10/umbraco-cms/extending/language-files.md

# Language Files & Localization

Language files are XML files used to translate:
- The Umbraco backoffice user interface so that end users can use Umbraco in their native language. This is particularly important for content editors who do not speak English.
- The member identity errors in an Umbraco website enabling end users to use Umbraco in the website language.

> - Add translations for your packages [see here for docs on how to include translations for your own package](packages/language-files-for-packages.md)

Reviewer: To make the link text shorter and hence readable that it is a link:
```suggestion
-  Read [Add translations for your packages](packages/language-files-for-packages.md) article to see how to include translations for your own package.
```
